= Selman's .emacs.d
It is based on *Emacs* *24* (development version) and Emacs Starter Kit
V2[https://github.com/technomancy/emacs-starter-kit/tree/v2]. It is
targeting ruby & haskell developers. Master branch is installing and
configuring simple system. You may look
slmn[https://github.com/selman/.emacs.d/tree/slmn] branch for how to
make your personal customization.

== Requirements
* Emacs 24 (development version)
* Openjdk or JRE
* Ruby
* haskell-platform[http://hackage.haskell.org/platform/]
* ghc-mod [https://github.com/kazu-yamamoto/ghc-mod]
 cabal install ghc-mod

== Features
* auto-complete[http://cx4a.org/software/auto-complete/]
* rsense[http://cx4a.org/software/rsense/]
* Emacs Starter Kit
  V2[https://github.com/technomancy/emacs-starter-kit/tree/v2]
* Latest emacs modes from ruby/misc.
* YASnippet as submodule save your personal snippets to *mysnippets"
  directory.
* ghc-mod [https://github.com/kazu-yamamoto/ghc-mod]
* haskell-mode snippets[https://github.com/polypus74/HSnippets] as
  submodule.

== Installation
* Fork or clone this repository in the root of your home.
 git clone https://github.com/selman/.emacs.d
* Create your branch.
 cd ~/.emacs.d
 git checkout -b YOUR_BRANCH
* Install sub-modules.
 git submodule update --init
* You must run every ruby version change to use rsense completion
  support. For example, if you are using rvm.
 ruby ~/.emacs.d/src/rsense/etc/configure > ~/.rsense

== Updating
* Close all Emacs sessions.
* Delete *elpa* directory or clean your git repository with this
  command after backed up your needed files for-example *custom.el*
 git clean -Xdn # to check which files will delete
 git clean -Xdf # delete listed files before
* Finally pull or fetch updated repository
 git pull
